Hello and welcome to such a
very special touch idea
you can already see the mb trac 1600
turbo from bmw it came out and
rbm modding already has a lot
very good reputation and this is the mod
once again perfectly just look at you
the time at no single texture error
which I have found so far
textures of the tires we see in it
wear we really see that
thing rocked down for a few years already
has the textures the clubs that is
everything really really cool
made so there is hardly anything
comparable look at here
the small hydraulic hoses etc
that is really great the suspension of
Lettering that's easy with the best
what you can get at the moment
mods so bmw you should definitely
notice the thing yes theory 256 ps
the six-cylinder engine from Mercedes, the
days bm modding has announced there are
also another 1800 of them
and then comes a hedge
unfortunately a hack front loader a hack
front loader of course a hack warehouse where
you can grow a lada properly
beautiful looks like on the side of
bm modding over and invite you
Best of all what you can do yes
so much for advertising for bm
boarding we want the whole mine
watch the shop
we have a bm trucker mb trac so
bm I am now fully in bmw mb trac
1600 turbo v3 with 156 ps nominal power
I have a beautiful six-cylinder
already told 40,000 costs the whole im
shop by that he really already
older jana I find that even in
okay so i did not want that yet
because now I will be around the
Setting the helper box and you see animals
as a passenger we can enter
so right here as a passenger
you sit while driving to watch and
Here you can already see the cockpit
is just bomber so not too
almost surpass the textures
if that's how it always would be then i would
be very very happy so yes we are
now changed in the driver's seat
you see the whole thing here again
with a little quick all around
view from the driver view the textures
Of course, they are still divine
opens the c control and we can
see that again right now
loving detail pays attention to the lever
Hello I have to believe the ignition
actuate
that works with z if i put that right in
the long one already has that
wonderful fence and then I push
sometimes I believe these buttons here
Back was setup so now you can see
namely here the jack was pressed
the door opens and that's it again
of course, the same thing
play on the other side like that
is that part of it?
Now let's listen again
we do not have a motor sound so you
if the engine sound is not heard when
something is up and so on that is
A pity but I have to ask now
not really either
even the hand crank is moving here
if you get the slices up and down
or if you look at this
coupé the work is it is
Divine here the things window and door
Of course it is on the other side as well
available then we have, of course
Work light in front and work light
right back here as toggle switch the
also animated is more or less that
is beautiful
so if you are good mods volt bm
Actually mobbing always has an address like that
good to have identified as a key
Naturally
but i want to turn it on now
well what this mod again where I
first show yourself the last idea
Control is behind here
because you can then the gate open and shut
push here to the gate
to push the rear window on us
I find really nice made on so
A nice animation is glass
evenly to recognize the glass
and so on, but the best story
is yet to come i print k now
described roof ahead
and behold I have a built-in
reversing facility is not cool
So honestly that's terrific
so we are again boss over that
are mobile and of course
and now I will be the normal one
turn on the light you pay attention to the
fittings
you really see how great that
so it is that is illuminated
awesome and now we have the here
Return direction as you can see now
even sitting gets to the other side
inclined there will be times now one
small reminder round turn with
Rourke was a facility without one
So when driving back
create a direction in the return
13 km h, that's not how it is
fast but you should consider that
old tug and back then
one direction was already
yes there you were but if you something
that's what I've got then
turn it over now so we in
the other direction look in the
real direction for what I say yes
that's the way it is
standard direction at the tractor
as well as getting used mostly
as far as her tormenting direction so far only
stuff the witch with a cultivated shredder
and something or you with a butterfly
more work and here in this view
is he doing really well?
get 50 km h what you like
tug also really neat
is and it is just right
I have to say nice the driving behavior
is just divine one then lies here
really a bit on the street
I'll be slalom here now, too
Of course I was driving at the moment
Steering wheel but you will feel it believe
I'm really great
keep on the road and drive
just beautiful so ingenious
watch from my point of view real
Duty murder at the small machines
if you start small again or
so what a little something new would like
just mb trac doom or fate
something then in any case even the
Recommendation the days pass
he would I then the front-end loader
Imagine the shredder sorry and
of course the 1800 mb trac and
friends see you next time
with a hopefully equally cool mod